About Airbnb:

Airbnb is an online and mobile marketplace that allows users to host their apartments, houses or other spaces for travelers or other users.
It connects the Hosts with Guests. Host are people who post listings(s) of available spaces on the website. Guests are people who book the 
spaces. To read more on how it works, visit https://www.airbnb.com/help/getting-started/how-it-works

Assignment Summary:

Typically, a database design project starts with requirements. You analyze the requirements to identify the business rules, entities, 
and relationships. However, in this case we are using snapshots from a functional website (airbnb.com) to understand the entities and 
business rules so that we can reverse engineer the database design. Snapshots are provided for your reference. However, you should go 
through the Airbnb website to understand the Host and Guest workflows.

Assumptions:

 A Host can be a Guest too.
 You must capture the details of the listed apartments in your design.
 Hosts go through profile checks before they can join the Airbnb community. The database design should track the results of the Identity 
and Background checks for each Host.
 A Guest can select different categories and different kinds of space to rent out. For each kind of apartment, the guest can select the 
Location, number of guests, and dates the apartment is available, room type (Entire Home, Private Room or Shared Room) and also the price 
range.
 A Host (when listing a space) selects the kind of space (House, Apartment, Bed & Breakfast etc.) , the kind of rooms (Entire Place, 
Private Room and Shared Room ), the physical address, the number of guests allowed, amenities ,any additional requirements for the guest 
(you think reasonable) dates the listed space would be available and also the price quote for the listed space.
 Rental spaces in the searched area show up with their availability.
 Guests could select area using the map feature available on the website. You should translate that into the Zip codes the apartments 
are available in.
 The system keeps track of the apartment availability based on what’s booked and the timeframe selected.
 The system should keep track of the transaction details every time a booking is made.
